#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= get_scores.php =

Returns an XML with rankings for the current game

Usage:
get_scores.php?subgame_id=ID ( ID = 1, 2, .. ) [limit, offset, interval, preview, name]

An example of data returned:

{{{
 <?xml version="1.0" standalone="yes"?>
<game_scores count="10" error="0">
  <score>
   <name>Petya</name>
   <value>4000</value>
   <datetime>0000-00-00 00:00:00</datetime>
   <country_code>Netherlands</country_code>
  </score>
  ...
 </game_scores>
}}}

Parameters:

|| *subgame_id* || Integer || Subgame ID.  ||

|| *limit*|| Integer || defines how many records to display. For example, you need to display top 10, then you put limit=10  ||

*preview*
Value is an integer number, adds a 'virtual' score to the table - score taken from _preview_ value.
Sometimes it is cool to show users their ranking in the global high scores table BEFORE adding the score so that they can decide whether to add it and input their name.
In case _name_ is not specified, "Your score" will be displayed as a name for a preview score record.

*limit_above* and *limit_below*
Values are integer numbers. To be used together with _preview_.
These parameters specify how many records to show above and under user's current record.
Can be used, for example, when you need to display the current user's preview records and also show who are his neighbors in the leaderboard.
_Limit_ and _offset_ become ineffective when these two are used.

*name*
Value is a string. Determines a name to display for current user's ranking when in _preview_ mode.